That was a lot about caching strategies,
I don't want to introduce any new strategies but I want to bring up a case which might then be clear
about how it works. In the feed.js file in our cache then network strategy,
we have a fetch request and this of course is a get request.
Now what would happen if that actually is a post request?
Let's try it out.
Let's add an object as a second argument to fetch to configure this,
let's set method to post
and we also need to adjust the headers.
Let's set the headers to content-type application/json
and do the same for the type we accept,
so here accept should also be application/json. Lastly, I'll add a body and this body will simply be
an object where I have a message, some message, we're not using this anyways.
Now if I send it to HTTP bin post and this is a post request, so we send this to this URL, it will mirror
back what we send there and it doesn't really matter because we don't really use that anyways.
Now one thing I forgot,
you of course need to stringify this,
so make sure to do that before testing it.
Now we can test it.
Now let's go back to application clear storage, clear site data, reload the application, this will reinstall
the service worker. Let's reload one more time
and what you see is we get it back from cache too. If we have a look at the cache unsurprisingly, in the
dynamic cache, we'll see that the post request is stored there too. Now the thing is theoretically you
can't store post requests in the cache, it's storing the response of the post request here though, it's
not storing the post request itself or something like that, just what we got back so that if we send
it again here, the thing is we have the post request here but let's go offline and try this. Here
if we have a look at the network, you'll see post fails in all places.
Now the reason for that is that we can't send it,
we obviously have no internet connection.
It is able to still render the card because we find a matching URL in the cache
and that's what we're checking,
do we have this URL in the cache,
yes we do have that there because we put the response of the post request there but it does not mean
that we can't send the post request when we're offline,
it's not storing it and sending it at a later point of time.
Now throughout the course, you will learn a method to do just that but it's not working like that with the cache.
This is important for you to recognize or to keep in mind, if I go online again, it's not going to send
that request which it couldn't send earlier,
that's not how it works.
Later in the course, you will learn a way to do just that though. So that are post requests and the cache
API.